README.md, before:

# TensorPool

TensorPool is the easiest way to use GPUs, at a fraction of the cost of traditional cloud providers.

## Features
- **Zero Infra Setup**: No GCP, no AWS, no Docker, no Kubernetes, no cloud configuration, no cloud accounts required
- **Optimization Priorities**: optimize your job for price or time, we'll find the best GPU for your job
- **>50% cheaper than traditional cloud providers**: TensorPool aggregates GPUs from multiple cloud providers to get you the best price possible

## Prerequisites
1. Create an account at [tensorpool.dev](https://tensorpool.dev)
2. Get your API key from the [dashboard](https://dashboard.tensorpool.dev/dashboard)
3. Install the CLI:
```bash
pip install tensorpool
```

## Quick Start
TensorPool offers two ways to get started:

1. Manual Configuration:
```bash
tp config new
```

2. Autogenerated Configuration:
```bash
tp config train my model for 100 epochs on a T4
```

Both approaches generate a `tp.config.toml` which you can review and modify before running your job.

Adjust the `tp.config.toml` to match your project. For example, a simple python project a would look like:

```toml
commands = [
    "pip install -r requirements.txt",
    "python main.py --epochs 100",
]
optimization_priority = "PRICE"
gpu = "T4"
```
See [Configuration](#configuration) for more details.

Now run your job!
```bash
tp run tp.config.toml
```

More examples can be found in [tensorpool/examples](https://github.com/tensorpool/tensorpool/tree/main/examples)

## Core Commands
- `tp run` - Execute a job
- `tp config [prompt]` - Autogenerate a TensorPool configuration file
- `tp config new` - Create a new empty TensorPool configuration file
- `tp listen <job_id>` - Attach to a running job to see its output.
  - You can leave & reattach at any time!
- `tp pull <job_id> [files...] [--overwrite]` - Download outputs/changed files from your job.
  - Optionally provide a list of files to download
  - use --overwrite to force replace existing files
- `tp dashboard` - View all your jobs and their outputs


## Configuration

The heart of Tensorpool is the `tp.config.toml` which defines your job.

This file is generated by the `tp config` command and can be executed by the `tp run` command.

Here's a complete list of all fields supported in the `tp-config.toml`:
```toml
# List of commands to run as if you were starting from a fresh virtual environment
commands = [
    # For example:
    # "pip install -r requirements.txt",
    # "python main.py",
]

# The optimization priority for the job
optimization_priority = "PRICE"  # Either "PRICE" or "TIME"

# The GPU you'd like to use
gpu = "auto" # Either "auto", "T4", "L4", or "A100". Defaults to "auto". More GPUs coming soon!
# Defaults to "auto", where TensorPool will select the best GPU based on your optimization priority
```

The beauty of the `tp.config.toml` is its simplicity and flexibility, this allows you to:
- Run your job with a single command
- Kick off several experiments with different configurations
- Version control it with your code
- Reuse it for future runs

<details>
<summary>What does <code>optimization_priority</code> mean?</summary>
<br>

`optimization_priority = "PRICE"` means that TensorPool will execute your job for the lowest price possible.
This doesn't always mean the cheapest GPU, but the best value (typically $/performance) GPU for your job.

`optimization_priority = "TIME"` means that TensorPool will search for the fastest instance types (best GPU) across all cloud providers.

TensorPool uses heuristics to find the best GPU for your job based on the optimization priority you set.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What GPUs are supported?</summary>
<br>
Currently T4s, L4s, and A100s are supported. More GPUs are coming soon!

GPUs you'd like to see supported? Let us know at team@tensorpool.dev!
</details>

<details>
<summary>What cloud providers are supported?</summary>
<br>
Currently GCP and AWS are supported. More cloud providers are coming soon!
</details>

## Best Practices
- **Run commands like you're starting from scratch**
  - TensorPool executes your job in a fresh environment - include all setup commands like installing dependencies, downloading data, etc
- **Save your outputs**
  - Always save your model weights and outputs to disk, you'll get them back at the end of the job!
  - Don't save files outside of your project directory, you won't be able to get them back
- **Download datasets and big files within your script**
  - All TensorPool machines are equipped 10+Gb/s networking, so large files can be downloaded faster if done within your script
- **Run from the root of your project**
  - TensorPool will send your project directory to the cloud, so make sure you're in the right directory
  - Don't run from your home directory or a subdirectory!
- **Don't require stdin**
  - TensorPool runs your job in the background, so don't require any input from stdin (like `input()` in Python)
  - If you need to pass arguments to your script, use command line arguments or environment variables

## Getting Help
- [tensorpool.dev](https://tensorpool.dev)
- [Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/Kzan7CZauT)
- team@tensorpool.dev
- https://x.com/TensorPool


## Why TensorPool?
- **Simplicity**: Use GPUs without the hassle of cloud setup, machine configuration, or quotas
- **Flexibility**: Change your job configuration on the fly, run multiple experiments, and version control your job configurations
- **Cost Effective**: By aggregating excess GPU capacity from multiple cloud providers TensorPool offer GPUs at a fraction of the cost

Get started today at [tensorpool.dev](https://tensorpool.dev)!

Commit message:

Adding demo video
# Conflicts:
#	.idea/workspace.xml

README.md, after:

# TensorPool

TensorPool is the easiest way to use GPUs, at a fraction of the cost of traditional cloud providers.

## Features
- **Zero Infra Setup**: No GCP, no AWS, no Docker, no Kubernetes, no cloud configuration, no cloud accounts required
- **Optimization Priorities**: optimize your job for price or time, we'll find the best GPU for your job
- **>50% cheaper than traditional cloud providers**: TensorPool aggregates GPUs from multiple cloud providers to get you the best price possible

## Prerequisites
1. Create an account at [tensorpool.dev](https://tensorpool.dev)
2. Get your API key from the [dashboard](https://dashboard.tensorpool.dev/dashboard)
3. Install the CLI:
```bash
pip install tensorpool
```

## Quick Start
TensorPool offers two ways to get started:

1. Manual Configuration:
```bash
tp config new
```

2. Autogenerated Configuration:
```bash
tp config train my model for 100 epochs on a T4
```

Both approaches generate a `tp.config.toml` which you can review and modify before running your job.

Adjust the `tp.config.toml` to match your project. For example, a simple python project a would look like:

```toml
commands = [
    "pip install -r requirements.txt",
    "python main.py --epochs 100",
]
optimization_priority = "PRICE"
gpu = "T4"
```
See [Configuration](#configuration) for more details.

Now run your job!
```bash
tp run tp.config.toml
```

More examples can be found in [tensorpool/examples](https://github.com/tensorpool/tensorpool/tree/main/examples)

## Core Commands
- `tp run` - Execute a job
- `tp config [prompt]` - Autogenerate a TensorPool configuration file
- `tp config new` - Create a new empty TensorPool configuration file
- `tp listen <job_id>` - Attach to a running job to see its output.
  - You can leave & reattach at any time!
- `tp pull <job_id> [files...] [--overwrite]` - Download outputs/changed files from your job.
  - Optionally provide a list of files to download
  - use --overwrite to force replace existing files
- `tp dashboard` - View all your jobs and their outputs

## Quick Demo Video
[![Check out a quick demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqqLIVzP780/1.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqqLIVzP780)

## Configuration

The heart of Tensorpool is the `tp.config.toml` which defines your job.

This file is generated by the `tp config` command and can be executed by the `tp run` command.

Here's a complete list of all fields supported in the `tp.config.toml`:
```toml
# List of commands to run as if you were starting from a fresh virtual environment
commands = [
    # For example:
    # "pip install -r requirements.txt",
    # "python main.py",
]

# The optimization priority for the job
optimization_priority = "PRICE"  # Either "PRICE" or "TIME"

# The GPU you'd like to use
gpu = "auto" # Either "auto", "T4", "L4", or "A100". Defaults to "auto". More GPUs coming soon!
# Defaults to "auto", where TensorPool will select the best GPU based on your optimization priority
```

The beauty of the `tp.config.toml` is its simplicity and flexibility, this allows you to:
- Run your job with a single command
- Kick off several experiments with different configurations
- Version control it with your code
- Reuse it for future runs

<details>
<summary>What does <code>optimization_priority</code> mean?</summary>
<br>

`optimization_priority = "PRICE"` means that TensorPool will execute your job for the lowest price possible.
This doesn't always mean the cheapest GPU, but the best value (typically $/performance) GPU for your job.

`optimization_priority = "TIME"` means that TensorPool will search for the fastest instance types (best GPU) across all cloud providers.

TensorPool uses heuristics to find the best GPU for your job based on the optimization priority you set.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What GPUs are supported?</summary>
<br>
Currently T4s, L4s, and A100s are supported. More GPUs are coming soon!

GPUs you'd like to see supported? Let us know at team@tensorpool.dev!
</details>

<details>
<summary>What cloud providers are supported?</summary>
<br>
Currently GCP and AWS are supported. More cloud providers are coming soon!
</details>

## Best Practices
- **Run commands like you're starting from scratch**
  - TensorPool executes your job in a fresh environment - include all setup commands like installing dependencies, downloading data, etc
- **Save your outputs**
  - Always save your model weights and outputs to disk, you'll get them back at the end of the job!
  - Don't save files outside of your project directory, you won't be able to get them back
- **Download datasets and big files within your script**
  - All TensorPool machines are equipped 10+Gb/s networking, so large files can be downloaded faster if done within your script
- **Run from the root of your project**
  - TensorPool will send your project directory to the cloud, so make sure you're in the right directory
  - Don't run from your home directory or a subdirectory!
- **Don't require stdin**
  - TensorPool runs your job in the background, so don't require any input from stdin (like `input()` in Python)
  - If you need to pass arguments to your script, use command line arguments or environment variables

## Getting Help
- [tensorpool.dev](https://tensorpool.dev)
- [Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/Kzan7CZauT)
- team@tensorpool.dev
- https://x.com/TensorPool


## Why TensorPool?
- **Simplicity**: Use GPUs without the hassle of cloud setup, machine configuration, or quotas
- **Flexibility**: Change your job configuration on the fly, run multiple experiments, and version control your job configurations
- **Cost Effective**: By aggregating excess GPU capacity from multiple cloud providers TensorPool offer GPUs at a fraction of the cost

Get started today at [tensorpool.dev](https://tensorpool.dev)!
